Format note correctly. (#43139)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/compiler-options/advanced.md

## PathMap

> [!NOTE]
>

> > Specifying **PathMap** will prevent breakpoints from working in local debug builds. Only set **PathMap** for production or [continuous integration builds](../../../core/project-sdk/msbuild-props.md#continuousintegrationbuild).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Specifying **PathMap** prevents breakpoints from working in local debug builds. Only set **PathMap** for production or [continuous integration builds](../../../core/project-sdk/msbuild-props.md#continuousintegrationbuild).
```
